today we'll talk about a science fiction
movie starring keanu reeves but don't
worry i'm not talking about the matrix
i'm talking about johnny mnemonic this
movie was released in 1995 and was
directed by robert longo but the
interesting thing here is that the movie
takes place in 2021 and i'm making this
video in 2021 so it'll be interesting to
see if robert could see into the future
or not so be careful with the spoilers
and if you like these videos please
don't forget to like and subscribe this
is just my personal opinion and you
should see the movie since this video
isn't a substitute for watching it you
can find links to it in the description
this is the first sentence of the movie
second decade of the 21st century
corporations rule it seems like robert
was actually able to see the future the
second sentence of the movie the world
is threatened by a new plague okay
robert is a time traveler no doubt about
it this new plague is called nas nerve
attenuation syndrome the cure as well as
its cause is unknown the citizens don't
like what the corporations are doing so
they create a resistance movement the
low techs the corporations must protect
themselves right so they decide to hire
the yakuza there's also something called
mnemonic couriers who are elite agents
who smuggle data through wet wired brain
implants it seems robert has been
talking too much with elon musk we see
keanu for the first time but like the
title says his name is johnny johnny is
lying in his bed and it appears that
he's wasted he then turns the tv on this
is a futuristic movie that takes place
in 2021 i'd have assumed that the tv
would be the size of the wall or a
hologram but no the tv is the size of my
laptop i guess robert is not a time
traveler after all johnny makes a phone
call through his tv and starts talking
with ralphie it looks like johnny is a
courier as he is talking with ralphie
about going to beijing to get a file
johnny arrives in beijing and while in
the hotel elevator he plugs something
into the back of his head he is
measuring how much space he has left the
capacity of his brain is
160 gb
really his job is to smuggle data
through his brain and he can only carry
160 gb i had more space in my ipod
shuffle johnny gets out of the elevator
and enters a room inside the room are
five guys who are freaking out because
johnny is late johnny doesn't care and
starts giving orders to the other guys
while issuing orders they ask johnny if
he has enough space in his head as the
file he is about to take is 320 gb if he
doesn't have enough space and he uploads
the file he could die in a couple of
days
okay so you're going to an important
business meeting and you don't have
space to upload the files of your
contractors he's not worried about dying
so he uploads the file after uploading
the file he feels a little dizzy so he
goes to the bathroom and immediately
starts bleeding from the nose wouldn't
it have been safer to just carry a usb
stick johnny is in the bathroom trying
not to bleed out while some bad guys who
appear to be yakuzas enter the room and
start killing everyone one of the
yakuzas tries to enter the bathroom and
immediately gets a ko by johnny he then
leaves the bathroom and starts fighting
some bad guys maybe he isn't the world's
best actor but man he knows how to fight
after beating up some guys johnny leaves
the room one of johnny's contractors is
still alive so he tries to burn the
evidence about the file johnny is
carrying in his head one of the yakuzas
sees him and finds out johnny is taking
the file to newark us johnny arrives at
newark but first he needs to pass
through customs there's a machine that
scans johnny's body to see if there's
any problem with his passport and to
check he's not smuggling anything this
machine is so advanced that it also
tells johnny that he needs to go to the
doctor or he's going to have neural
damage in about 24 hours all of this in
less than two minutes that's amazing
each time i travel i spend more than one
hour standing in line and answering the
same question well johnny cut out in two
minutes and he also got a psychological
evaluation i would love to live in that
reality johnny is now in nurik and he
decides to call ralphie to find out why
he's carrying something that appears to
be so dangerous ralphie tells him to
calm down and to deliver the file to
some guys in some random direction right
after hanging up with johnny ralphie
sees a girl arriving at his office i
must say this office appears to be in a
club which is cool the problem is that
his office is a chair and a table the
business of data smuggling is not top of
the market i guess this girl is called
jade and she wants to be ralphy's
bodyguard but ralphie thinks that's not
a good idea due to her neurological
disease so he rejects her offer we
return to johnny he arrives at the
location ralphie gave him to deliver the
file he arrives at something that looks
like an abandoned house it seems
suspicious but if johnny is not nervous
about the location why should we be well
it looks like i was correct and he was
wrong after he enters the house he finds
out that ralphie had set him up two guys
try to kill him but johnny is a fighter
so he beats up one of the guys and
escapes from the other then a new guy
arrives he is called j-bone he helps
johnny kill the bad guys and then
disappears johnny is angry with ralphie
so he decides to pay a visit to his
luxurious office with the help of one of
his bodyguards ralphie takes johnny
hostage remember the yakuza who killed
johnny's contractors in beijing his name
is shinji and he works for ralphie
shinji and ralphie are trying to cut
johnny's head but jane suddenly appears
and saves him johnny and jane escape
while shinji decides to kill ralphie
shinji was getting close to jonny and
jane but they were able to escape
because the lotex led by jaebon help
them johnny begins to feel sick jane
finds out that he's a smuggler and gets
excited
girls love bad guys johnny then tells
jane that he needs to free up some
stories to get the job done so he
decides to erase his childhood memories
damn that's pretty hardcore he knows he
needs to remove the file from his head
as soon as possible or he could die he
arrives in an abandoned building and
starts to use a computer it looks like
it's something from 1995 but then he
enters some kind of system that looks
pretty cool johnny makes calls to
beijing to find out how to remove the
file from his head do you remember
assassin's creed well this looks
something like that i'd love to have to
do this each time i made a long distance
call after he finishes playing a sign
appears on the screen saying he'll
receive a call from dr alcom shinji
tracks johnny's movements through the
web and notices something about
releasing a virus shinji was close to
catching johnny but takahashi his boss
was not impressed with his past
performance so he decides to hire
someone else to capture johnny he hires
carl the preacher because nothing is
more effective than praying well he
isn't that sort of preacher he's more
like a bounty hunter who looks like a
viking definitely the right person for
the job johnny uses jane's credit card
to make a zoom call through a pay phone
in my city pay phones don't work at all
never mind make zoom calls i'm telling
you guys i would love to live in
johnny's mnemonic universe anyways
johnny calls some guy that works at a
pharmaceutical company he tells him that
he has a file containing pharmacom data
the guy replies that he'll make the
arrangements to get johnny's file jane
starts to convulse and johnny realizes
that jane has nas so he decides to take
her to spider a doctor who is friends
with jane spider helps jane but gets a
little suspicious about johnny i would
also feel that way if suddenly a
stranger arrived at my house carrying my
dying friend after johnny starts to
argue with spider he agrees to take
johnny with dr alcom they then arrive at
what seems to be an underground hospital
spider tells johnny that this is called
nas underground and he works here when
johnny asks to meet dr alcom spider
tells him that the doctor doesn't exist
that's just a code so the doctor doesn't
exist wouldn't it have been easier to
just tell johnny that instead of driving
to the hospital it seems like spider
just enjoys driving his truck which is
pretty cool by the way after giving
johnny this bad news spider tells johnny
that he can remove the files but there
are three possible outcomes the surgery
could be a success and johnny would
leave the room like nothing had happened
which is highly improbable he could die
or if everything goes right he would no
longer remember anything for more than
three minutes at a time
i don't know but i think that's a little
risky johnny refuses to have the surgery
and spider tells him not to be so
selfish as the file in his head is a nas
cure again you didn't think it would
have been a good idea to say that before
spider is not the most straight talking
guy that's for sure johnny and jane are
shocked at the news when carl arrives
and starts fighting with spider johnny
and jane take advantage of the
distraction and start running from there
you have some good friend spider johnny
and jane are free to escape so johnny
calls the farmicon guy to arrange the
meeting the scene ends and now we see
takahashi leave the zoo meeting you are
in trouble johnny in the meantime johnny
and jane go to see jones a friend of
spider that can help them with all their
problems j-bone welcomes them and takes
him to meet jones they arrive and
there's a dolphin in the room yes a
dolphin is gonna save humanity i cannot
take it anymore guys i've been watching
this movie for ages just to find out a
dolphin is gonna save the world i think
this is my fault for trusting keanu
reeves okay so we're in the lotex
headquarters and waiting for the dolphin
to do its magic and take the nas cure
from johnny's head suddenly the yakuzas
arrive and takahashi arrives at jones's
office takahashi is about to shoot
johnny when suddenly a woman's face
appears on the computer and tells
takahashi that pharmacon has had the
cure for nas for eight months and that's
why his daughter died takahashi doesn't
seem to like this news so he cuts the
computer in two right after that shinji
arrives and shoots takahashi to death
johnny and shinji start fighting and
johnny manages to cut his head johnny
comes back to jones's office halfway he
finds takahashi who was resurrected just
to give johnny the rest of the nas code
before dying again great timing to come
back to life takahashi takahashi and
shinji are dead and johnny has the
complete code so now jones should be
able to remove the file from his head
everything is fine now well not really a
little late but carl finally arrives
johnny is alone and unarmed so carl has
the advantage but instead of killing him
he decides to talk to him and gives jane
enough time to arrive and use jones's
telekinetic powers to kill carl if the
bad guys use their time to kill their
enemies instead of talking to them this
world would be completely different but
fortunately they love to talk
carl is dead there are no enemies alive
now at least that's what i think johnny
gives j-bone the missing code he
connects johnny to the machine and
starts removing the file everything
works just fine and the nas cure is
finally available to everyone everyone
is happy until johnny turns around and
sees carl start to get up the camera
zooms out and we see that someone is
lifting the body so he can throw it into
the ocean what a relief i hope you
enjoyed the video if you did please hit
the like and subscribe button also
please let me know which movie i should
do next until the next time